https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-10866 (#6581)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/discovery/discovery_import.adoc

[#import-discovered-auto-rosa]
= Import Discovered clusters automatically for ROSA clusters

> 

Author: Only ROSA and HyperShift (MCE HCP) support automatic 

For ROSA, we have to go through the OCP console
Which controller handles this for HyperShift? Check to see if this is already documented in MCE or do we need to link to external HyperShift docs? 

Suggestion from Disiah to add HyperShift in the title (HyperShift creates the discovered cluster)

Automatically import ROSA clsuters into your {product-title} hub cluster with the `discovery-operator`.

> //== Prerequisites
> //Are there any prereqs?
> //* You nmust have access to the namespaces that were used to configure Discovery.

Author: ```suggestion
== Prerequisites

* You must access the cluster as the cluster administrator.
* You must have access to the namespaces that were used to configure Discovery.
* You must have permission to import your cluster to enable automatic import.
```

To automatically import the `DiscoveredCluster` resource, you must modify the resource and set the `importAsManagedCluster` field to `true`. 

> . Log in to your hub cluster.

Author: Users can log in through the terminal (by using a command) and through the Discovery page from the console.

Author: Add another section to complete this task from the console:

.. If you log in from the command line interface, run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc patch discoveredcluster <discovered-cluster-name> --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/importAsManagedCluster", "value": true}]'
----

> . Log in to your hub cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
. Log in to your hub cluster from the console.
. Select *Search* from the navigation menu. 
. From the search bar, enter the following query: `DiscoveredCluster`
. The `DiscoveredCluster` resource results appears.
```
Or possibly add this step if we want to add the CLI option

> . Go to the `DiscoveredCluster` resource and set `importAsManagedCluster` to `true`. By setting the field to `true`, the `discovery-operator` imports the `DiscoveredCluster` resource, and creates a `ManagedCluster`, `KlusterletAddOnConfig`, (only if {product-title-short} is installed) and automatically imports `Secret` resources for your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
. Set  the `importAsManagedCluster` parameter to `true`. By setting the field to `true`, the `discovery-operator` imports the `DiscoveredCluster` resource, and creates a `ManagedCluster`, `KlusterletAddOnConfig`, (only if {product-title-short} is installed) and create `Secret` resources for the automatic import.
```

+
Your `DiscoveredCluster` resource might resemble the following instance:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: discovery.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: DiscoveredCluster
metadata:
  name: 28c17977-fc73-4050-b5cc-a5aa2d1d6892
  namespace: discovery
spec:
  openshiftVersion: 4.14.26
  isManagedCluster: false
  cloudProvider: aws   
  name: 28c17977-fc73-4050-b5cc-a5aa2d1d6892   
  displayName: rosa-dc
  status: Active
  importAsManagedCluster: true
  type: ROSA
----

> . To verify that the `ManagedCluster` resource is imported, see...

Author: ```suggestion
. To verify that the `DiscoveredCluster` resource is imported, go to the *Clusters* page. Verify that the cluster is listed in the _Cluster list_ tab.
```

> //is there a message that appears for the user? Would the managed cluster resource appear somewhere else in the console?

Author: Got the verification step
```suggestion
```

> 

Author: Go through Brandi's PR and be sure to link to that topic from here in the Additional resources section

> [#import-rosa-policy]
> == Importing ROSA cluster by using a policy
> //Brandi is working on this in issue ACM-11278:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-11278
> 
> //Seems like this section needs to be removed from my PR. 
> If you have {product-title-short} installed, you can automatically import a group of ROSA clusters by using a policy. Complete the following steps:
> 
> . Log in to your hub cluster. 
> . From the navigation menu, select *Governance*. 
> . Create a policy with the name `policy-rosa-autoimport` and deploy the policy. For an example of the policy, see link:https://github.com/stolostron/policy-collection/blob/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-rosa-autoimport.yaml[`policy-rosa-autoimport.yaml`]. 
> //1. this is linked to the community folder and we avoid pointing to unstable examples
> //2. we need to replace this link with an link to open-clsuter-management repo

Author: ```suggestion
```
